Update index.mdx (#4235)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/data-management/sensitive-data/index.mdx

**Contextual information**

> Instead of sending confidential information in plain text, consider hashing it:

Reviewer: We want `plaintext` here

```suggestion
Instead of sending confidential information in plaintext, consider hashing it:
```
